Tired day today
I'll take the two of them to take a shower and sleep first
Why are you suddenly here?
You startled me.
You have something on your mind
And it's about me
It's nothing, since we're husband and wife now
I think it's better to make something clearer
That's what you told me to say.
I'll tell you what.
You shouldn't treat seniors like that today
He did it to help me and the kids
The senior called it quite dear.
Don't ruin the little things
Listen to me and my seniors are innocent
innocent
You go out and ask Shen Zhuo
He has so many students
Who will he do it for?
Withdraw and modify the freeze frame of 100 million
Lu Tingyuan, you and Zhao like this
What's the difference between the deceiving Mrs. Chen?
I thought you were different
Why do you think you're looking at the wrong person now?
No matter how much you care
You will also be Mrs. Lu for three years